https://developer.android.com/intl/zh-cn/tools/support-library/index.html

Each of these libraries supports 
a specific range of Android platform versions and set of features.

Each Support Library is backward-compatible to a specific Android API level. 
This design means that your applications can use the libraries' features and 
still be compatible with devices running Android 1.6 (API level 4) and up.

Including the Support Libraries 
in your Android project is considered a best practice for application developers, 
depending on the range of platform versions your app is targeting and the APIs that it uses. 

Using the features the libraries provide can help you 
1）improve the look of your application, 
2）increase performance and 
3）broaden the reach of your application to more users. 

If you use the Android code template tools, 
you will notice that all the Android application templates 
include one or more of the Support Libraries by default.

The Support Libraries 
1）each target a base Android API level and 
2）each provides a different set of features. 

In order to effectively use the libraries, 
it is important to 
consider what features you want to support and 
understand what features are supported by each library at what Android API level. 

To get started, review the Support Library Features guide. 
After that, go to the Support Library Setup topic to learn 
how to incorporate the Support Libraries into your application. 

For more details about Support Library APIs,
see the android.support packages in the API reference.

http://stormzhang.com/android/2015/03/29/android-support-library/
Android一些SDK比较分裂，
为此google官方提供了Android Support Library package 
系列的包来保证高版本sdk开发的向下兼容性,
所以你可能经常看到v4，v7，v13这些数字，
首先我们就来理清楚这些数字的含义，以及它们之间的区别

需要注意的：
gradle引用appcompat-v7包的时候就不需要引用v4了，
因为v7里默认包含了v4包

compile ‘com.android.support:appcompat-v7:21.0.3’ 
中的21代表API level 21推出的兼容包，
21之前的版本，则默认这些Theme.AppCompat.Light是Holo风格的，
从21开始的版本默认是Material风格

使用appcompat之后，
你的所有的Activity应该继承自ActionBarActivity，
而ActionBarActivity继承自FragmentActivity，
所以放心的使用Fragment

http://my.oschina.net/chengliqun/blog/148451

google提供了Android Support Library package 系列的包来保证来高版本sdk开发的向下兼容性，
即我们用4.x开发时，
在1.6等版本上，可以使用高版本的有些特性，如fragement,ViewPager等

Android Support v4: 
这个包是为了照顾1.6及更高版本而设计的，
这个包是使用最广泛的，eclipse新建工程时，都默认带有了。

Android Support v7:  
这个包是为了考虑照顾2.1及以上版本而设计的，
但不包含更低，故如果不考虑1.6,我们可以采用再加上这个包，
另外注意，v7是要依赖v4这个包的，即，两个得同时被包含。

Android Support v13:
这个包的设计是为了android 3.2及更高版本的，
一般我们都不常用，平板开发中能用到