Additional Improvements:

1）Optimized for Android Emulator 2.0, 
which is faster than ever before, 
supports a wider range of virtual devices, 
and features a drastically improved UI. 
To learn more about the new emulator, read the SDK Tools release notes.

2）Improvements to the Android Virtual Device Manager:
    a）System images are now categorized under the following tabs: 
Recommended, x86, and Other.
    b）Under advanced settings, 
you can enable multi-core support and specify the number of cores the emulator can use.
    c）Under advanced settings, 
you can determine how graphics are rendered on the emulator by selecting one of the following options:
Hardware: use you computer's graphics card for faster rendering.
Software: use software-based rendering.
Auto: let the emulator decide the best option. This is the default setting.

3）Improved AAPT packaging times by specifying deploy target before the app is built. 
This allows Android Studio to efficiently package 
only the resources required by the specified device.

4）Added Cloud Test Lab integration to provide on-demand app testing 
with the convenience and scalability of a cloud service. 
Learn more about how you can use Cloud Test Lab with Android Studio.

5）Added a preview of the new GPU Debugger. 
For graphics intensive applications, 
you can now visually step through your OpenGL ES code to optimize your app or game.

6）Added support for Google App Indexing integration and testing. 
Add deep links, app indexing, 
and search functionality to your apps to help drive more traffic to your app, 
discover which app content is used most, 
and attract new users. 
Test and validate your URL links in your app all within Android Studio. 
Learn more about implementing and testing Deep Link and App Indexing APIs.

7）Upgrades from the latest IntelliJ 15 release, 
including improved code analysis and performance. 
See What's New in IntelliJ for a complete description of the new features and enhancements.
https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/whatsnew

8）XML editor auto-complete now adds quotations marks when completing attributes. 
To check if this option is enabled, 
open the Setting or Preferences dialogue, 
navigate to Editor > General > Smart Keys, 
and check the box next to Add quotes for attribute value on attribute completion. Issue: 195113

9）The XML editor now supports code completion for data binding expressions.