https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebView.html

Building web pages to support different screen densities
The screen density of a device is based on the screen resolution. 
A screen with low density has fewer available pixels per inch, 
where a screen with high density has more — sometimes significantly more — pixels per inch. 
The density of a screen is important because, other things being equal, 
a UI element (such as a button) whose height and width 
are defined in terms of screen pixels 
will appear larger on the lower density screen and smaller on the higher density screen. 

For simplicity, 
Android collapses all actual screen densities into three generalized densities: 
high, medium, and low.

By default, WebView scales a web page 
so that it is drawn at a size 
that matches the default appearance on a medium density screen. 
So, it applies 
1.5x scaling on a high density screen (because its pixels are smaller) and 
0.75x scaling on a low density screen (because its pixels are bigger). 
Starting with API level ECLAIR, 
WebView supports DOM, CSS, and meta tag features 
to help you (as a web developer) target screens with different screen densities.

Here's a summary of the features you can use to handle different screen densities:

1) The window.devicePixelRatio DOM property. 
The value of this property specifies the default scaling factor used for the current device. 

For example, 

if the value of window.devicePixelRatio is "1.0", 
then the device is considered a medium density (mdpi) device 
and default scaling is not applied to the web page; 

if the value is "1.5", 
then the device is considered a high density device (hdpi) 
and the page content is scaled 1.5x; 

if the value is "0.75", 
then the device is considered a low density device (ldpi) 
and the content is scaled 0.75x.

2) The -webkit-device-pixel-ratio CSS media query. 
Use this to specify the screen densities for which this style sheet is to be used. 
The corresponding value should be either "0.75", "1", or "1.5", 
to indicate that the styles are for devices 
with low density, medium density, or high density screens, respectively. 

For example:

<link rel="stylesheet" media="screen and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio:1.5)" href="hdpi.css" />

The hdpi.css stylesheet is only used for devices with a screen pixel ration of 1.5, 
which is the high density pixel ratio.